# nft.storage-client

_This client was generated via the OpenAPI schema and is experimental, unsupported, and may not work at all!_

## Product Decommission Notice

### Important Update

Hello from NFT.Storage!

As of June 30, 2024, we have officially decommissioned NFT.Storage Classic uploads. This means that NFT.Storage Classic, including NFTUp, the Classic web app, Classic APIs, Classic SDK, and Pinning API, will no longer accept new uploads/pins.

### What This Means for You

**Service Termination:** NFT.Storage Classic will no longer accept new uploads. However, retrieval of existing data remains operational.

**Data Access:** Don't forget, we're still keeping a copy of your NFT.Storage Classic data available in the NFT.Storage Gateway and in the decentralized Filecoin Network. However, over time, latency and availability may degrade.

**Support:** We’ll be working with the newly formed NFT.Storage community to determine what changes, if any, will impact NFT.Storage Classic data latency and availability in the future. Join the community [Join the community](https://nft.storage/join-us) to have your say. We will keep you informed by email and on Twitter/X.

### Transition to the New Version

For the new version of NFT.Storage, first mint your NFTs, then send us the NFT data—metadata and imagery CIDs, blockchain(s) minted on, contract address, and token IDs. We will preserve these in long-term Filecoin storage. Note that you need to upload the data to IPFS separately. Your NFTs will also be included in the NFT Token Checker, a tool for block explorers, marketplaces, and wallets to show verification that NFT collections, tokens, and CIDs are preserved by NFT.Storage.

### Recommended Hot Storage Alternatives

We’re excited to announce our partnerships with Pinata and Lighthouse for hot storage solutions. As an NFT.Storage user, you support our platform when you choose Pinata and Lighthouse and use our referral links, helping to sustain our valuable public goods. [Learn more here](https://nft.storage/blog/announcing-our-new-partnerships-with-pinata-and-lighthouse).

**Pinata:** Offers flexible plans and powerful, easy-to-use tools for managing your data on IPFS. Use code NFTSTORAGE50 at checkout to enjoy 50% off your first month. [Sign up today](https://pinata.cloud).

**Lighthouse:** An IPFS provider with unique payment options for NFT longevity. They offer affordability and flexibility for all your IPFS needs, including a pay-once and store-forever option. [Sign up today](https://lighthouse.storage).

### Contact Us

For any questions or assistance, contact us [contact us](https://nft.storage/contact-us). Together, we look forward to a promising future for NFT.Storage and the broader NFT ecosystem.

Best regards,  
The NFT.Storage Team


NFT Storage API
- API version: 1.0
  - Build date: 2021-04-29T12:41:03.666Z[GMT]

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>nft.storage</groupId>
  <artifactId>nft.storage-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "nft.storage:nft.storage-client:1.0"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/nft.storage-client-1.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import storage.nft.ApiClient;
import storage.nft.ApiException;
import storage.nft.Configuration;
import storage.nft.auth.*;
import storage.nft.models.*;
import storage.nft.api.NftStorageApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("https://api.nft.storage");
    
    // Configure HTTP bearer authorization: bearerAuth
    HttpBearerAuth bearerAuth = (HttpBearerAuth) defaultClient.getAuthentication("bearerAuth");
    bearerAuth.setBearerToken("BEARER TOKEN");

    NftStorageApi apiInstance = new NftStorageApi(defaultClient);
    String cid = "cid_example"; // String | CID for the NFT
    try {
      DeleteResponse result = apiInstance.delete(cid);
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling NftStorageApi#delete");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.nft.storage*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*NftStorageApi* | [**delete**](docs/NftStorageApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** /{cid} | Stop storing the content with the passed CID
*NftStorageApi* | [**list**](docs/NftStorageApi.md#list) | **GET** / | List all stored files
*NftStorageApi* | [**status**](docs/NftStorageApi.md#status) | **GET** /{cid} | Get information for the stored file CID
*NftStorageApi* | [**store**](docs/NftStorageApi.md#store) | **POST** /upload | Store a file


## Documentation for Models

 - [Deal](docs/Deal.md)
 - [DeleteResponse](docs/DeleteResponse.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [ErrorResponseError](docs/ErrorResponseError.md)
 - [ForbiddenErrorResponse](docs/ForbiddenErrorResponse.md)
 - [ForbiddenErrorResponseError](docs/ForbiddenErrorResponseError.md)
 - [GetResponse](docs/GetResponse.md)
 - [Links](docs/Links.md)
 - [LinksFile](docs/LinksFile.md)
 - [ListResponse](docs/ListResponse.md)
 - [NFT](docs/NFT.md)
 - [Pin](docs/Pin.md)
 - [PinStatus](docs/PinStatus.md)
 - [UnauthorizedErrorResponse](docs/UnauthorizedErrorResponse.md)
 - [UnauthorizedErrorResponseError](docs/UnauthorizedErrorResponseError.md)
 - [UploadResponse](docs/UploadResponse.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### bearerAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



